Week 1 (19/10/2020 – 23/10/2020):

In the first week, the group met together and decided what role each member should occupy. 
In this meeting, the group took part in a Belbin team roles test and discussed our previous experiences. 
The results obtained illustrate that the group has a mixture of personalities. 
Additionally, by categorizing Belbin team roles into the three leadership roles, it gave the group a better understanding of the obligations about each member. 
Each of the leadership roles includes one Belbin role that has not been assigned as there are only six of us; therefore, we decided both members in each leadership role will share the unassigned obligations. 
This first meeting has shown what strengths and weaknesses each member of the group holds and how their chosen role will support success to the project.

Week 2 (26/10/2020-30/10/2020):

In the second week, the group met up to decide on our project scenarios and create a project brief. In the meeting we each took turns pitching our project ideas, we had come up with prior, to the rest of the group. Each member came up with at least one project we could do based on the project ideas for each course, provided on the DLE.
We decided to choose the computer science project as a few team members already have a base knowledge of web design and mobile app development which they have studied in their own time. This also worked out well because the majority of the team are studying computer science.
We decided to produce our recommendation system for an online electrical retailer. We plan for it to recommend products to customers based on a combination of their previous purchases and other products they have viewed. 
At the end of this meeting we feel like we have a strong idea of what our project involves and what we need to do next to progress in the module.

Week 3 (02/11/2020 – 05/11/2020):

In the third week the group meeting consisted of a few various things. 
Unfortunately, one of our members had to self-isolate for the current and next week meaning he could not attend in person. 
We first established a rota for who is responsible in writing the weeks blog. 
We then went on to discuss what time worked for all team members for this weeks’ stand up meeting with Shirley. 
Finally, we then started splitting the project up into five different categories database, write up, API, diagrams, interface. 
We had a discussion on what features were needed from the software we were creating as well as the entity and fields required for our database.
These were then made into tables and an ERD diagram for our database was drawn up. 
Assignments were then made on who should be making the other diagrams needed for the planning of our software framework such as a state diagrams, use case stories etc. 
These were assigned using the planner on teams and will be due for the next meeting. 
Lastly, we made a note of areas of clarification that had sprung up during our discussions in making the ERD and what features were needed from the software which we plan on raising with Shirley during our meeting.

Week 4 (09/11/20 – 13/11/20):

During week four, the group reflected on the diagrams we had made in the previous weeks and decided how to move forward with the project.
We looked closer at smaller technicalities and planning decisions that would impact how we proceed with our development, such as: our choice of development IDE, the database management system we will use and properly understanding and utilising version control in a group environment.
To achieve this, our goals for the week were to find information and resources to aid our choice in what IDE and database management system we would use – such as past and upcoming lectures – as well as other sources we found ourselves. 
As well as this, we all set out to properly understand and utilize GitHub version control through practise.

Week 5 (16/11/2020 - 20/11/2020):

In the fifth week, the group decided on a number of tasks that needed to be completed before development on the database could commence.
Due to the difficulties associated with meeting in person presented by the second Coronavirus lockdown in England, this was the first group meeting held entirely on Zoom.
Each member took turns discussing which tasks they believed to be most pressing regarding the desire to start development on the database the following week; enabling us to identify areas of particular concern.
Following further discussion, we narrowed down the concerns to three areas that required further research: risk assessment, login system implementation, and the required database stored procedures and triggers.
We decided that each task will be allocated to two members to jointly research, with each member volunteering for the task they wished to undertake; giving each member a task to complete for the following week.

Having reflected on it in the previous week, the group started by discussing our choice of development IDE and database management system for the project.
Given our previous experience, we all agreed it would be best to use C# and Visual Studio for the application's development, Microsoft SQL Server for database management, and JetBrains WebStorm for the development of the website.

Week 6 (23/11/2020 - 27/11/2020):

In week 6 we were once again meeting on zoom.
As a group we went over everything we did in the week before, ironing out any questions about the login system, triggers and procedures. then we looked at what should be achieved for the next week and collectively decided to focus on starting a basic GUI and getting the database set up. 
We split the GUI task into an admin GUI and a user GUI. 
Two members were assigned to each of the GUI’s and the database. We also discussed what would be necessary features for the GUI, like a basket system and payment options.

Week 7 (30/11/2020 – 4/12/2020):

In the seventh week, half the group met up in person and there was a zoom meeting at the same time with the other half. 
The tasks that were completed last week were uploaded to Teams for this week for everyone to review and we peer assessed each other’s work to see if everyone agreed with it. 
A few changes were made to the entity relationship diagram and the tables created because these changes were required after evaluating the wireframes built from the previous week. 
Also, the group identified what views, stored procedures and triggers were essential to the database. 
This was delegated between four members of the group to complete for next week. 
The other two members were assigned to start developing the admin interface so that it displays the databases.    

Week 8 (7/12/2020-11/12/2020):

In the eighth week, half the group met in person and the other half joined online.  
We reviewed each other’s tasks from last week and discussed issues we came across. 
When looking over the tables we noticed some fields were missing, we determined this was because we forgot to update our normalisation with the new fields we found in previous weeks. 
Two team members were assigned to adjust and test all the trigger, stored procedures, and views with the added columns in the database. 
It took longer than expected to create the basic admin interface, so we extended an extra week and assigned this to a single person this time as there is less to complete than the previous week. 
We then discussed the interim report, we decided that we are now able to start drafting the introduction and background sections of it, we split these between two team members. 
As it is approaching Christmas, we also decided that it was time to start making the basic app interface. 
We assigned this to a single team member to set up the initial app structure and setup a connection to the database. 

Week 9 (14/12/2020-18/12/2020):

This was the first week where all of us attended the meeting virtually.
All assignments from the previous week had been completed except for one.
The problem arising with the API as it was working and then stopped working after an update of the software. 
The admin interface had been uploaded to the second branch on Github. 
The SQL database had been fixed and a few extra stored procedures had also been added. 
The SQL script was then implemented into our Azure database. 
We decided on also uploading our SQL script to Github as well as plain text file. 
The Background and Introduction section in the report were written and inserted into the draft report.
Due to the problems with the API, we assigned an extra member to the task to complete it by the end of this week. 
A member was assigned the task of linking the mobile interface to ASP.NET and running tests on stored procedures locally. 
Another member is tasked with finding a way to generate data to populate the database with.  
The final two members were tasked with writing two other parts of our report those being project management and development approach.

Week 10 (11/01/21 – 15/11/21):

During week ten, the group looked back at what we had progressed on during week nine, as well as any work that may have been completed over the holiday period. 
This would be the last full week of work we would have before the deadlines coming in the following week, so during week ten we looked at what we had left to complete for our interim deliverables.
We decided our main priority would be mostly complete all remaining report sections, par the conclusion, as well as going over sections that had already been completed in order to ensure that all sections included all required information as well as the quality of work was up to a standard we were all happy with. Similarly, we decided to allocate some time to finishing some final touches on our application demo, as to allow us to showcase enough of it during the coming presentation.
Finally, we would take a bit of time to prepare for the marketplace demo in the following week, looking at how and what we would present. We divided up sections for a PowerPoint we had chosen to present between us to create and present on the day.

Week 11 (18/01/20201 - 22/01/2021):

This week our interim report was due, as well as our project presentation, resulting in a very busy week for our group.
As a group, we have met every day of the week up to the report deadline to ensure we met the deadlines to the best of our ability.
Having worked the previous week on them, we met on Monday to combine our presentation slides, and to review and finalise the presentation.
We performed multiple trial runs of the presentation, timing each section to ensure that we met the allotted presentation time.
As well as this, we decided on approaches to handle the remaining tasks for the upcoming deadlines, and delegated them accordingly.
The following day we presented our project and networked with other students on the course; we learnt a lot from experience, documenting the key observations in a video recording later that day.
On Wednesday the team met again review the report, delegate the final tasks and collaborate on improvements before submission.
Having completed the remaining tasks, we met again on the due date of the report for a final review of the report, including the completed tasks, and made any necessary changes, before submitting it.
In review of the weeks interactions, and in consideration of the end of the semester, we decided it would be beneficial to enact a week long interlude before proceeding again with the project.

Week 12 + 13 (23/01/2021 - 12/02/2021):

Last week we decided to not have a team meeting as we all had coursework. 
This week we reflected on the feedback given to us during our demo and decided that we needed to simply and find something unique in our system.
We talked about how to do this and had some ideas to change our system to fetch data from other sites and use this to recommend instead of having our own ecommerce with products. 
We decided to ask Shirly before starting this just to make sure we were on the right track.
Shirly informed us that our original product vision was a better route for us to take so we got started back on that.
We outlined everything we needed to get done before the addition of the AI.
We needed a functioning login system which would allow admins and users to log into our system with secure passwords.
We need to collect realistic data for our database so we have decided to use a web scrapper to collect this as it would be the most efficient solution.
We want to start on out rating system, allowing users to leave a rating on an item as this is going to be key data for the recommender system.
connecting out database to our mobile app is something else we need to implement once we have some data so that we can test our recommender. 
We split these tasks up between us and decided that we all needed to know how to use Xamarin.
Two of us know how the use it already so we gave two others the task to learn this week then the last two next week.

Week 14 (15/02/2021 – 19/02/2021):

During the fourteenth week, the team met on zoom due to the current situation, but one member was not able to make it because of private problems. 
Firstly, the group reviewed each other’s work that was meant to be completed by this week.
We had to ensure that everything was in place to continue with the project. 
We tested versions of the project by downloading and testing it from GitHub; the group showed other members how project versions were moved around GitHub so they can use it in the same way in the future. 
Also, the group had decided there are some changes that needed to be made on the database such as adding field for images of products. 
This week, one member of the group has the task of updating the database according to what improvements were discussed during the meeting.
The two members who worked on the admin login interface last week will continue with it and at the same time, learn Xamarin as they needed to learn it as well. 
Another member will continue to be working on the dashboard on the admin interface. In addition, we have assigned a member to work on mobile login page. 
The group have decided the one member who was not able to attend the meeting should take a break this week to sort out their private problems and not to add any more stress. 

Week 15 (22/02/21 - 26/02/21):

This week we looked over and discussed the tasks from last week, we determined another week would be needed to complete both the login system and the admin dashboard. During the meeting, we determined that we were on track to finishing the ecommerce application within the next few weeks. We decided it was time to put more focus on the recommendation system portion of the project. We assigned two people the task of researching recommendation systems and to produce a short report each of their findings. Two reports are to be produced hoping to identify any discrepancies in research. The final two members of the group were assigned to update and improve the UML diagrams and draft some portions of the interim report using the feedback given from the previous.

Week 16 (01/03/2021-05/03/2021):

On week 16 we had our regular zoom meeting. We first discussed how we got on with last week’s tasks for the people we then assigned an extra person to help with the tasks that could not be completed. 
Once we had all agreed on the next steps, we needed to take in terms of what type of AI we would build, and which parts of the final report would need to be written to include all the new features to the program. 
We then assigned new tasks to the people who had completed their previous tasks mainly starting to build the AI, writing the report, and cleaning up our interface with animations and so on. 

Week 17 (8/3/21 – 12/3/21):

During week 17, we once again conducted a weekly group meeting. 
We first discussed progress made from last week’s tasks and consider how we should move forward. 
All tasks from last week had been successfully completed allowing all members to receive new tasks to work on. 
The main focus in our project had become putting increasing effort on the recommender system and completing all interfaces for our e-commerce site. 
To achieve this, between the six of us, the tasks assigned were: to create the remaining views for the site, amend some SQL tables and looking into storing our products.
We looked over our assigned tasks, ensuring everyone was on track and sure of their given task, and the meeting was concluded.

Week 18 (15/03/21 - 19/03/21):

We started by discussing and evaluating the progress made in the previous week, identifying areas of unforeseen difficulty and worked together as a group to determine a plan to rectify the issues.
We found that some of the tasks from the previous week would require more time to complete.

As one of our main focuses recently has been the recommender system, we started by discussing the database.
In particular we focused on which aspects of our existing data we need to keep, and which could be removed.
As a result of this, we were able to identify some tasks for this week, such as making the necessary alterations to the tables, and passing in the data.

Another main area of focus has been the mobile application.
In evaluation of the progress made in the previous week, we decided to continue work on the search and orders pages.
Reflecting on the previous week, we found that many members were having difficulties with the software for mobile development; therefore, we discussed the issues and worked together to ensure that all team members have their software working and correctly setup for such development.

Week 19 (21/03/21 - 29/03/21): 

As always, we began by discussing our progress on the previous weeks task and talked about that tasks we wanted to work on this week. 
Most of this week’s tasks are extended from the previous weeks as they are large and important elements of our project. 
we further discussed the use of a library for our API and how perhaps we could implement it.  
Our recommendation system still needs more time spent on as well as finishing the API and scaffolding the tables. 
So, these tasks were split amongst the group. We aim for the next week to be almost done with these tasks. 

Week 20 (29/03/2021 – 16/04/2021):

The group had a meeting on Zoom this week. We reviewed the tasks set from last week and analysed how members got along. 
The team decided to have the next meeting after the Easter holidays but if members need help, they will reach out. 
We set out tasks for the team to do over the holidays. 
Most of the database is completed and only few things will need to be added. 
This is all documented in GitHub. 
Two members are continuing working on the recommender system. 
From no idea on how to start on the recommending system, the two members worked together to think about how to get around it and now they have a clear idea on how to do it. Another member will continue working with the API on the admin interface and the admin interface in general. 
Also, one person will continue to finalise the mobile app. 
In addition, two members will work on the details page for each product and make possibilities such as to check stock, order stock. 
Overall, the whole group thinks that we are in a good position with the whole project.

Week 21 (19/04/2021 - 23/04/2021):

During this week's meeting we discussed our progress with our assignments over easter, each member had made a strong start to their respective task, but it became clear that we needed a further week to work on them all. Due to personal issues one of the group members is unable to work on the project this week so the people assigned to each task needed to be adjusted. We decided to merge the team working on the API and the people focusing on the recommender as both parts now rely on one another. The other team members will continue to work on their tasks from last week. 

Week 22(26/04/2021-30/04/2021)

Transformed JSON data into csv files and read into the database. 
API testing is underway while project is being rescaffolded due to many changes over the past few months. 
Member has retruned from personal reasons meaning group is once again at full capabilty and extra tasks could be assigned this week.

Week 23 (03/05/21 – 07/05/21):

During week 22, we met on zoom for our weekly group meeting. We are approaching the final stretch of the project and took another look at what we have completed thus far. 
The majority of the applications have been developed so the API & Recommender system became the main focus.
We extended a few tasks from the week previous and set a few more where the tasks had been entirely completed. 
As the finish was approaching, we also started to think about getting some of the report sections done.
Once all tasks for the week had been assigned, the meeting was concluded, and we got to work. 

